how to ask for a raise
here's a helpful hint if you can prove
you've earned one a raises in your
future you will need a reasonable salary
goal a list of your accomplishments and
good timing step 1 find out what others
in your position make try asking others
in your field and checking out websites
that compare salaries around the country
step 2
write down your strengths and
accomplishments be specific the best way
to convince your boss you deserve a
raise is by verifying your hard work
step 3 make sure the timing is right
like just after your biggest
accomplishment when your boss
complements you that's your cue to
proceed
employer surveys say your odds of
getting a raise are best if you're doing
about 20% more work than when you first
got hired or received your last raise
step 4 book an appointment to see the
boss
so he'll be completely focused on you if
possible ask to meet on a Thursday
that's when most people get raises and
promotions
step 5 at the pre-arranged time armed
with your written list of strengths and
accomplishments explained to him all the
reasons you think you deserve a raise
leaned forward in your chair body
language studies show that forward body
posture conveys confidence and power
step 6
close by asking for the raise in a
percentage term such as I believe I
deserve 300% more than what I make now
step 7 if the answer is no simply ask
your boss what can I do to make this
happen this shows you won't give up you
respect his opinion and you'll work even
harder to get what you want
did you know research shows that women
who wear lipstick are more likely to get
a raise than those who don't